good morning it's Peter Berner guru I'm
at the yg factory tour and there's mr.
yg yellow tell us a little about your
company but yeah tell us about you where
did you come from when did you first get
into music okay so I am Pepe's really
half German and the music comes from
both sides of the families of musical
family my brother is an opera singer my
father was a bass player I played
keyboards since I was a little kid
uh-huh at some point I bought my first
stereo system I was about 16 I bought
what I thought at the time was was good
and of course when I could afford which
was a Sony disc man that I disconnected
from the stereo system whenever I would
go you know out Sony integrated amp and
bose speakers and it not sound as good
as my father's system my father is an
audiophile so we had a real high-end
system so I asked them what to do and
since my father is from Germany their
speaker building is quite a popular
hobby so we told me dog you have two
options either you save more money work
more through the summer and buy better
speakers or if you want to build them
I'll get you the books the materials
that you need in order to get started so
I took the this collateral the second
approach and I seem to have worked out
that's fantastic
there are no other speaker companies
above you there are some peers but there
is nobody above you and what you're
making today I have a pair of eina
Professional Series 3 in my home and
they actually power the room to impose a
musical footprint as if you're at a
concert and very similar to what we're
hearing today always not to focus so
much on lushest needs deep bass or
something like that because these are
prerequisites but at our price level
they should be that's the baseline yeah
the goal is to recreate what I hear when
I'm at the fourth row at the Colorado
Symphony that is the the real measure of
whether we have good product on our
hands or something that needs further
work mm-hmm
well you're hitting the ball out of the
park we're gonna take a tour next and
we're going to see some machining and
again congratulations for such a
fantastic product thank you so much